	Today was the day! Little Billy had been counting down for weeks 
and finally this bright and sunny morning was the one he had been 
waiting for. Today was the day that the Shiny Carnival was coming to 
town. Billy had seen the fliers for weeks, advertising the fun games, 
exciting rides, and delicious food that would be present. He could not 
wait for that afternood when his mom would take him!
	It was afternoon and after a short drive, Billy and his mom 
arrived to the carnival. He could barely contain his excitement as he 
bounced up and down while waiting in line before the admission booth. 
Entering the carnival, Billy was awed by all attractions around him. 
"Mom!", Billy began, "I want to go on all the rides, play all the games, 
eat a bunch of cotton candy, and..!" Chuckling at her son's uncontained 
zeal, Billy's mom reassured him that he can do as many things as he 
wanted, but first, he has to decide what to start with. Pondering for a 
bit, Billy replied, "The UFO! That one first!" And so, Billy and his mom 
headed to the out-of-this-world ride.
        After Billy and his mom took a short walk, they entered a 
vehicle which looks like a spaceship. They begun the UFO ride. At the 
beginning, Billy saw a lot of spaceships was moving around them. Then, 
the entered a "galaxy" which was fulled of "meteor". And their 
"spaceship" was wobbled around. Billy was really excited about the ride 
and he always tried to grab those "stuff" around him. Suddenly, their 
"spaceship" met a big "monster" and used its cannon to attack it. Billy 
was happy and yelled "Ya-hoo! Nice shot!" After the "monster" was 
defeated, they returned to the place which the departed from. When they 
exited from the vehicle, Billy was still immersed in the game until he 
saw some icecream in the shop. He asked his mom to buy him an icecream 
and they entered the shop.
	While consuming his ice cream, Billy began to wonder what he 
wanted to do next. There was just so much to do at the carnival, so how 
could Billy choose? After a while of thinking, Billy's mom chimed in, 
"Honey, it's getting late. How about one more ride, game, or activity 
then we call it a day?" Billy was heartbroken when he heard these words. 
"Don't worry Billy, it will be back in town soon enough," his mother 
continued. After hearing this, Billy was only slightly relieved. He was 
glad he would get another shot to experience this fun-filled carnival, 
but what would he choose to be his last fun-filled adventure? After he 
finished his ice cream, Billy and his mom walked outside the shop to go 
create a memory they would not forget.
	They decided that their final ride of the day would be the 
ferris wheel. As Billy got into the cart and fastened his seatbelt, he 
refected on what an amazing day he had. As the ride took him higher he 
was able to look out at the entire carnival. He saw all of the lights, 
foodstands, and rides and thought "Wow this really is a shiny carnival!"
